README.md, before:

# Global Game Jam 2024

##  Theme: Make me Laugh

## Team: 
- [Max Romagnoli](https://www.maxromagnoli.com) (main programmer and game designer)
- Alessandro Spadini (game designer and level builder)
- Miriam Mariani (level desiger)
- Zibbo Dry Bone (music designer)

## Diversifies

### Sponsored
- **Sharing is caring (Sponsored by Github)**: Share the source code for your submission in a public GitHub repository and list the URL on your submission page.

### Accessibility
- **Harmonius**: A music or rhythm game that is still playable without sound.

### Narrative
- **Forrest Gump**: The character only has the "Yes" option in all dialogues with NPCs.

## Characters
- Svampita (from Mixamo)
- Antonia (from Mixamo)
- Bob (from Mixamo)
- Igor (from Mixamo)
- Spike (from Sketchfab)
- Ghost (from Unity Asset Store)
- Zibbo (custom model, used Baphomet Head asset for head)

## Assets & Credits

### From Unity Assets Store
- [Ghost character Free](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/creatures/ghost-character-free-267003)
- [milky-way-skybox](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/textures-materials/milky-way-skybox-94001)
- [RPG Poly Pack - Lite](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/landscapes/rpg-poly-pack-lite-148410)
- [Quirky Series - FREE Animals Pack](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/animals/quirky-series-free-animals-pack-178235)
- [Simple Collectibles Pack](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/props/simple-collectibles-pack-123092)
- [Low Poly Fire](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/vfx/particles/fire-explosions/low-poly-fire-244190)

### From Mixamo
- Dance animations and segnalated characters

### From Sketchfab
- [Giga Spike Brawl Stars](https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/giga-spike-brawl-stars-99e24d68c1644cefbc358666645dd5f9)
- [Baphomet Head](https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/baphomet-head-73410032baca4cf5949a01890a354c2c)

Commit message:

added new character Kyle the robot with font. New feature dance battle for NPCs

README.md, after:

# Global Game Jam 2024

##  Theme: Make me Laugh

## Game
The game is a no sense umoristic FPS, where you have to interact with some strange characters to understand where you are and what you have to do.

## Team: 
- [Max Romagnoli](https://www.maxromagnoli.com) (main programmer and game designer)
- Alessandro Spadini (game designer and level builder)
- Miriam Mariani (level desiger)
- Zibbo Dry Bone (music designer)
- arostaky (3D models)

## Diversifies

### Sponsored
- **Sharing is caring (Sponsored by Github)**: Share the source code for your submission in a public GitHub repository and list the URL on your submission page.

### Accessibility
- **Harmonius**: A music or rhythm game that is still playable without sound.

### Narrative
- **Forrest Gump**: The character only has the "Yes" option in all dialogues with NPCs.

## Characters (in order of appearance)
- Spike (from Sketchfab)
- Svampita (from Mixamo)
- Robot Kyle (from Unity Asset Store)
- Antonia (from Mixamo)
- Bob (from Mixamo)
- Igor (from Mixamo)
- Ghost (from Unity Asset Store)
- Zibbo (custom model, used Baphomet Head asset for head)

## Assets & Credits

### From Unity Assets Store
- [Robot Kyle | URP](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/robots/robot-kyle-urp-4696)
- [Ghost character Free](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/creatures/ghost-character-free-267003)
- [milky-way-skybox](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/2d/textures-materials/milky-way-skybox-94001)
- [RPG Poly Pack - Lite](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/environments/landscapes/rpg-poly-pack-lite-148410)
- [Quirky Series - FREE Animals Pack](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/characters/animals/quirky-series-free-animals-pack-178235)
- [Simple Collectibles Pack](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/3d/props/simple-collectibles-pack-123092)
- [Low Poly Fire](https://assetstore.unity.com/packages/vfx/particles/fire-explosions/low-poly-fire-244190)

### From Mixamo
- Dance animations and segnalated characters

### From Sketchfab
- [Giga Spike Brawl Stars](https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/giga-spike-brawl-stars-99e24d68c1644cefbc358666645dd5f9)
- [Baphomet Head](https://sketchfab.com/3d-models/baphomet-head-73410032baca4cf5949a01890a354c2c)
